meal get video magazine and the
class great time classics we are watching
as in the past into the
phantasialand and crivitz today around the
beautiful fun day mountain railway together
after the video just a castration of
fantasia that arrived pretty well
We will take care of you again
a former attraction in hansa park
a little closer and more in detail
today it should go to the mountain railway
Completed in 2001 on the first of May
burned down is where exists today
was then the mountain railway
huge monster a gigantic
rock solid one of far really
grandiose backdrop is just awesome
cool from the 26 meters higher say
just twice as high from i found the
mountain land just really great
cool and this scenery and the sandberg
just fit in the grandiose
western city in central city in silver
that was just a big bunch city clear
but it was still paper mache
somehow very stylish from the ground
even during the ride it is
Of course, something strange as if you
driving on a big mikado heap
would be around that then that
But the whole thing was glued on paper mache
did not detract from the fun but
these rocks or this mountain were
not only topics and also the best
could hit crucial and asia
to this band but lie whether at that time
already as sound insulation below the box
by the way, the grand canyon was driving
airport bathe the large staged
even the mountain railway so popular with the
Also visit before the dip
through the rock massif of the mountain railway
Last but not least by river quest de
But it is also no longer in
phantasialand but you will learn how
you want more in the former traction
video from Monday are left the
description or even at the end of this
videos linked the mountain railway was a
Roller coaster of the company Schwarzkopf vom
bobbahn 1 and was opened in 1975 itself
my mother has in her youth too
turn on this track and turn it
is just pure nostalgia and a
real fantasia classic the train
was 26 meters high as in profit and has
a track length of 980 meters and
with the five trains being used
could reach the mountain railway one
Capacity of 1800 persons per hour
of course the bathing was relatively
Slowly cozy it is comfortably above
driven the mountain
Nevertheless, that really has a lot of fun
made and also the whole tunnel wall
just cool in my opinion the
Railway has easy in spite of this modern
trains wonderful the western city fit
also like these silenced ones
brake the underground in the
tunnel in the shadow station of the
mountain railway ended very close so that's it
is simple I do not describe
is this is just not the
childhood memories of me and
just nice and the blackhead everything
no matter
Unfortunately, the mountain railway is complete
burned down if you want more about the brand
That is to say, only those wanted to know
comments then I also like the
separate video if the interest
I also have exclusive
get recordings for the fire and the
Recording now from the mountain railway
thank you again a model at all
for horny type also the link to the channel
or the descriptions subscribed once
very cool he really is our country
some classic videos yes that was it
now only from me at this point
to mountain railway in phantasialand check
allowed to guess the online video
fekters online video have very nice
Check the video always an attraction
from phantasialand if you want more
wanted to know what was good if you
wanted to know exactly when, where and how
stood then writes in the compact
made another video
and check out the baton
phantasialand 2014 or compare the
both videos and but we have this channel
to miss nothing anymore
I'm out is the coolest neurology
magazine and kick